1. Firstly create a github account and then to initialize a new repository with the command git init. Next, to configure the username and email that will be associated with the commits. In order to verify you I needed to write a command of git config --list --local to see the informations. The next step that I had to do was to create a new repository on github that I opened in my browser. I would need to add a README.md file in my local project directory as well. Doing this would allow me to then run git status and then git commit -m "<My comment>" to create a commit with a comment message by firstly checking if there is a file that could be commited due to some changes or new files being created in my local repository. Then, I need to connect my local repository with the remote repository on github by using command prompt to run git branch -M main and git remote add origin <HTTPS URL of the repository in github> to connect. Last command in this case is to push to github by running the command git push -u origin main to push all the changes made in the current branch in the local repository to the main branch in the github repository in this case. The next thing that I have to do is to create a virtual environment using command python -m venv env. Activatin git in windows requires env\Scripts\activate.bat. In the same directory I have to create a requirements.txt file and add some dependencies on it so that later on i can use pip install on the requirements.txt file to install the dependencies. Create a django project by using the command django-admin startproject <Project Name> . command. Next I needed to add * to ALLOWED_HOSTS in settings.py to allow access to any host and accessible widely. To run the Django server use the command python manage.py runserver. To stop the server I could just press Ctrl+C in Windows and deactivate command to deactivate the virtual environment. Lastly, to create .gitignore file to specify files and directories that Git should ignore and then perform add, commit, and push from the local repository. Then I could deploy to Adaptable.io but first I must have an account there. When I was building the Django project I used the MTV concept. I needed to create a new application called main in the directory and then register main to INSTALLED_APPS in settings.py file to register the application main. I will also need to create a main.html template inside a templates direcotry within main application. Then I need to modify the models.py file in the main application. To apply model migrations or when there are changes in the model I must do migrations. To connect the views to templates I need to open the views.py file located in the main appllication and implement a show_main function. To configure url routing, I just need to create a urls.py file inside main directory and fill it with the corresponding urls and what it will show for example the show_main method created before. To add URL routing of the project to the main view, just open the urls.py file inside the project's directory and add URL pattern to direct it to main within the urlpatterns. Some unit testing can be done by opening and fillling the tests.py file in the main application directory. To run the tests use the command python manage.py test. 
2. 

3. Virtual environment is used by Django to execute an application. Python provides tool to do this which is virtualenv to create that Python environment that is isolated. Also because there is a need to produce multiple projects of Django on one system requiring different versions of Python and third-party Python packages/dependencies such that it is necessary to have virtual environment in order to create a Django web app. A virtual environment itself is a tool that helps to make dependencies isolated or seperate from each other when required by different projects. 
4. The Model-View-Controller(MVC) Pattern is a pattern that suggests splitting the code into 3 components or layers. Those are model where this stores the data of the application, view where the user inferface or the one that holds the components visible on the screen lies, and lastly controller where this component establishes the connection between View and Model by containing the core application logic. The Model-View-Presenter(MVP) Pattern on the other hand provides an easier way to structure the project codes. It is also compromised of three layers which are model, view, and presenter. This pattern has been proven to be providing modularity, testability, and a more clean and maintainable codebase. The Model-View-ViewModel suggest the seperation of data presentation logic with the core business logic part of the application while also having three layers of model, view, and viewmodel. The main difference between them is that the role of a mediator component. MVC and MVP both have a controller that acts as mediator between the model and the view while on the other hand, MVVM involves a viewmodel that serves as the mediator between the model and the view. So all in all MVC is the simplest of these patterns and the more flexible ones are MVP and MVVM.